Dominique Pozo: Was it was it a little easier. Getting into the
Dominique Pozo: The virtual clinic today.
TCL A501DL: Um, yeah, I guess I'm out of date on my, on my phone. So I have, I had to do the Wi Fi.
TCL A501DL: So, but
TCL A501DL: Made me sign up for the zoom and everything. I hadn't before
Dominique Pozo: Oh, okay. So, all right. Um, so we need to do a
Dominique Pozo: Kind of an initial visit that we haven't done
Dominique Pozo: done yet. So this is going to be a lot of kind of basic questions and
Dominique Pozo: Kind of like a history of, you know, how you got here. What brought you here.
Dominique Pozo: Diana. And you'll notice that I'll be typing as you speak so
Dominique Pozo: Let's just start with the first question.
TCL A501DL: So, um,
Dominique Pozo: What what brought you to
Dominique Pozo: The program.
Dominique Pozo: What in what kind of led to you.
Dominique Pozo: Wanting to be in recovery.
TCL A501DL: Well, I've been doing it for a long time and I just
TCL A501DL: I just want something better. You know, so I have done rehabs and all of that. And I have kids. And you know, I just want better so
Dominique Pozo: When you save and doing it a long time. How long have you been dealing with your addiction.
TCL A501DL: 15 years
Dominique Pozo: All right.
Dominique Pozo: And how many times have you attempted in different programs.
TCL A501DL: Like, I don't know, seven, I guess.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Is there anything that makes this one different that you're aware
TCL A501DL: Um, it's hard for me to go to like meetings and stuff and doctors appointments and and all that. So like the online is really helpful towards me, to me, you know,
TCL A501DL: It's hard for me to even get a minute to even do this, but
Uh huh.
Dominique Pozo: Well, that's great. So hope, hopefully this will help you to be successful with your recovery.
TCL A501DL: I sure hope so.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: How many children do you have
TCL A501DL: Three.
Dominique Pozo: How old are they
TCL A501DL: One, three, and 10
Dominique Pozo: Oh wow, young
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
TCL A501DL: They're all over me.
Dominique Pozo: Oh my gosh.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So, some of this is, it's going to, it would be like more private asking you, like at your worst. What did your reality look like it, do you think it'd be hard to answer these questions in front of your kids.
TCL A501DL: No, it's okay. My mom's taking them to play over there, so trying
TCL A501DL: Okay, she's trying to keep them away from me.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Okay, so are you willing to kind of describe to me when when you really hit your lowest what that looks like.
TCL A501DL: Um, well, I did have four kids, um, I had a little girl and she is four and a half months old and she passed away. Okay. And so I'm at first. Well, I put her down for a nap. Not even five minutes later I go to check on her. She wasn't breathing.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, no.
TCL A501DL: And so she was on life support. And then at first they were trying to blame me.
TCL A501DL: Um, and the baby and my baby's Dad That's one of us did something wrong, but we didn't. So during all that day. My mom had my kids and I wasn't allowed to come home.
TCL A501DL: And so then I ended up homeless and then I couldn't be around my older. This happened in 2013 so I just had my oldest son, and while she had him. And so I wasn't allowed to be around them and I was homeless and just everything, you know. So that was probably my lowest. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And it's something that did something in particular happened this last time when you have chosen to be a part of bright heart health that that kind of kick started the desire to to really get clean
TCL A501DL: I'm
TCL A501DL: Just, just me being fed up with the lifestyle and in everything just wanting to, you know, be there be there for them more
Dominique Pozo: Have you ever been suicidal.
Dominique Pozo: In the last 15 years
TCL A501DL: Prior um
TCL A501DL: I guess, around, around that time when I lost my daughter.
TCL A501DL: Not that I attempted it. I just gave up on you know
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: What pulled you out of that.
TCL A501DL: Just time really, you know, trying to make myself have goals again and
TCL A501DL: Then, really, I guess when I had my daughter, you know,
TCL A501DL: Helped me
TCL A501DL: To have goals again.
Dominique Pozo: Right. And how long have you been clean this last time.
TCL A501DL: Like for the stretch are just starting now.
Um,
Dominique Pozo: Let's see, before you got on to the Suboxone How long had
Dominique Pozo: Had it
Dominique Pozo: Had it been
TCL A501DL: Um,
TCL A501DL: I've been clean for like a year. But then I relapsed again and then here I am.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Oh, well, yeah, and where you clean getting support from some intensive outpatient program or something.
TCL A501DL: Yeah message on
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh.
TCL A501DL: As on the Methadone
Dominique Pozo: What caused you to relapse.
TCL A501DL: Um,
TCL A501DL: I guess stress from
TCL A501DL: A lot of things going on, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Okay, yep.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so we're going to move into
Dominique Pozo: Some
Dominique Pozo: Psychological history. Have you ever been diagnosed with any
Dominique Pozo: Disorders any mood disorders or mental illness.
Dominique Pozo: PTSD. Okay.
TCL A501DL: That's it.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right, what are you willing to share what that's from
TCL A501DL: My daughter.
Dominique Pozo: Your daughter, my daughter. Okay.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so let's go through your family history. So is there any
Dominique Pozo: Getting the
Dominique Pozo: Screen up
Dominique Pozo: Is there any history of any mental illness in your mother side. What can you tell me about your mother side and your father side.
TCL A501DL: Um, no. Not that I know of. All my mother's side and I don't know anything about my father's side.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh. Do you did. You did, you know, your father. No.
TCL A501DL: Not really well like he was in my life when I was little and then he went to prison.
TCL A501DL: And then like only got to see him here in there like once or twice throughout the rest of my life. And then he got murdered so
Dominique Pozo: Oh gosh, how old were you when he went to prison.
TCL A501DL: I'd have to say maybe about seven
TCL A501DL: And then he got out and my mom and dad went together, but he came back for my first Holy Communion. Um, and then he was gone. I think he went to prison. Again, that's the only time I'd hear from them was when he is in prison, he would write me
Uh huh.
So,
Dominique Pozo: Did your mother did she remarried. Did she
TCL A501DL: Know, she she never remarried. She barely got a boyfriend now.
Dominique Pozo: Hahaha okay okay
TCL A501DL: Here we go with no. No.
TCL A501DL: No.
TCL A501DL: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Alright, um,
Dominique Pozo: Did you have any brothers or sisters
TCL A501DL: I'm an only child. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Did you grow up with any cousins or anyone else in the house, or was it just you and mom.
TCL A501DL: Well, when my dad left when I was little, I guess he left when I was born. He took everything. And so my mom had to work three jobs. And so I ended up living with my aunt for a while, when I was younger.
TCL A501DL: OK, so my aunt had a daughter, that's two years older than me so all my childhood I basically grew up there with her.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So you grew up with your auntie and your cousin.
TCL A501DL: Yes.
Dominique Pozo: And can you remind me what why didn't you stay with your mom.
TCL A501DL: Because my mom had to work three jobs.
Dominique Pozo: So she was working all the time and
TCL A501DL: As too little.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, there's just nobody to watch you.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Were you able to have a relationship with your mom when she come around, or was it was your auntie, kind of like mushy. Your mom.
TCL A501DL: Like I said, I live with my aunt. My mom would come pick me up on the weekends. When she could
TCL A501DL: I talked to her on the phone. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Yep, go ahead.
TCL A501DL: Oh, sorry. I got to come back and live with my mom.
TCL A501DL: For the fourth grade.
TCL A501DL: For the fourth grade. Yeah.
TCL A501DL: I got to start living at home.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, so in fourth grade, you were able to come back.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, cuz then I'd only have like an hour after school where I would be by myself and she get off.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. And can you tell me where you were born.
TCL A501DL: Santa Fe.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And did you ever have any sexual abuse as a child.
No.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. And did you finish high school
TCL A501DL: I got my GED.
Dominique Pozo: Did you ever
Dominique Pozo: Did you ever go to college and
Dominique Pozo: How far did you get in your
Education.
TCL A501DL: I got a certificate to be a fitness instructor personal trainer.
Okay.
TCL A501DL: I used to teach karate.
Dominique Pozo: Oh yeah. Cool.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I used to like competitively.
Wow.
TCL A501DL: Kind of dance. Did you do
TCL A501DL: Hip Hop.
Why
Dominique Pozo: Do you still dance.
TCL A501DL: Um, no. Not anymore. Not with the kids and all that.
TCL A501DL: But it's something that I'd like to get back into maybe
TCL A501DL: That our photography. I worked as a district manager for a while for the like the porches studios inside Walmart and Sears
TCL A501DL: Oh, cool. Then I was really good at it.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh. That sounds fun.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Do you have a job. Now, are you able to work or is it just full on with your kids.
TCL A501DL: And flow with my kids.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: And where do you live, are you living on your own or do you live with your mom.
TCL A501DL: With my mom. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: That's nice. That sounds like it's probably supportive to have her around.
TCL A501DL: Definitely just me her in the kids.
Dominique Pozo: Great. And then how would you name your financial status like
Dominique Pozo: How would you
Dominique Pozo: Describe it.
TCL A501DL: Zero.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Are you in a partnership right now or
Dominique Pozo: Are you single
TCL A501DL: Single
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And then what do you have any hobbies. I mean, I imagine being a mom is just so full on with three children, but do you have any time for any hobbies.
I'm
TCL A501DL: Not really.
TCL A501DL: Um, everything I do is with the kids.
TCL A501DL: They've been really into babies like they're into collecting rocks right now.
TCL A501DL: Oh, I'm their treasures. So I like to take them for walks and they collect rocks.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, that's very sweet so sweet. They have each other to
TCL A501DL: Yeah yeah
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Cool. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right, and. Okay, so with the remaining time that we have. Let's see if you can just take a moment and just think of some short term goals that
Dominique Pozo: That you can have for yourself and I'm gonna, I'm going to write them down in your treatment plan here.
TCL A501DL: Okay, um,
Dominique Pozo: And these goals. We can say that they would be met by, like, let's see, April, May, June, July, by July.
TCL A501DL: By July.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, okay. Um, well, definitely trying to stay sober.
TCL A501DL: Is one big one.
TCL A501DL: To maybe trying to find a job, though it may be a part time job or something.
Okay.
TCL A501DL: Um,
TCL A501DL: And
TCL A501DL: Let's see.
TCL A501DL: Um,
TCL A501DL: I don't know, I can't think of a third one.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, um,
Dominique Pozo: Let's see.
Dominique Pozo: One idea it would be to potentially grow like a circle of friends or some support do you
TCL A501DL: Do you think, okay, yes.
Dominique Pozo: Do you think that's too much to ask right now being in recovery taking care of your kids.
Is that too much.
TCL A501DL: Know, I guess, trying to find, you know, a good friend or two that mean a positive ways. Good.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I think so.
TCL A501DL: need time for myself to
Dominique Pozo: Yes, definitely. And how about when you talk about time for yourself. What about. Do you think you could start training with your cut out there. Again, or just dancing at home a little more
TCL A501DL: Yeah, maybe, something like that.
Dominique Pozo: How would you name it. I want to make this year words, not mine. So what would you make your goal by July, what would be a realistic goal you set for yourself.
TCL A501DL: Well, how about trying to find a new hobby or a hobby period, maybe not new, but a hobby for myself.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. All right.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, how about exercises. Do you think that you could do a little more in the realm of exercise and self care.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, what would that look like just
Dominique Pozo: Again, I want to make it your, your language, not my
TCL A501DL: Time to to scheduling exercise.
And what kind
TCL A501DL: Well, either start getting back in shape for karate or dance.
Dominique Pozo: And how would you do that would be that'd be running or some
TCL A501DL: Know, it'd be more like
TCL A501DL: Like
TCL A501DL: I don't know how you say it like push ups sit ups stretching
Dominique Pozo: Okay, that's, that's great that's specific
Dominique Pozo: There's a lot of great things online that are like these.
TCL A501DL: You know,
Dominique Pozo: 20 minute workouts. They're very
Dominique Pozo: Quick and and kind of easy to do. If you do a little bit of research and they're not that expensive and once you have access to it. You can just keep replaying it and it kind of helps sometimes
TCL A501DL: Okay, cool. Thank you.
Yeah.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, one more. Let's think of one more goal.
Dominique Pozo: What is something that maybe you wanted to do for a long time and you haven't thought it was possible. And how could you maybe move towards that.
TCL A501DL: Well like I said I wanted to maybe try to get back into photography
TCL A501DL: Like because I figure. There's no places anymore for people to go take family portraits, because the portrait places inside Walmart and Sears are closed now.
TCL A501DL: Right. So here in Santa Fe. Like there's only maybe like one photographer, but they're like really expensive.
TCL A501DL: Like $1,000 for
Dominique Pozo: 10, you know. Yeah.
TCL A501DL: So maybe get a good camera. Maybe if I could find a way to get a good camera.
TCL A501DL: Uh huh. And
TCL A501DL: Start maybe building a portfolio or something. So maybe I can make my own business out of that.
Dominique Pozo: You know,
TCL A501DL: Maybe do weddings or or at home family portraits with the kids, I've thought about that.
Dominique Pozo: Sounds really great
TCL A501DL: Able to work my own schedule and stuff, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm.
TCL A501DL: If somehow I could do that.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, that sounds very possible.
Dominique Pozo: So do you think maybe researching and potentially getting a camera could be the goal.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right.
Dominique Pozo: Do you think
Dominique Pozo: Maybe starting the business as a more of a long term goal and getting the cameras, maybe a bit like the first step, or do you think you would want to aim for all of that. By July.
TCL A501DL: I'm getting a cameras first step.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
TCL A501DL: I think so too. That's gonna be a big one.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, and then not only would I need the camera, I would need like an editing software.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh. Okay, I'm gonna put this on a long term goal.
TCL A501DL: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So, get some
Dominique Pozo: Software that appropriate software.
Dominique Pozo: Okay and and realistically. When do you think that you could aim for that. Like, could it be at the end of this year, maybe next year what just and there's no right answer. It's just really tuning into realistically when you envisioned when it's when, when do you imagine
TCL A501DL: I think by the end of this year.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so I'm going to put December 31
Dominique Pozo: Okay, okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right, great. And then
Dominique Pozo: This is just some relapse.
Dominique Pozo: Prevention so naming D. Are you aware of any clear emotional triggers that that
TCL A501DL: That
Dominique Pozo: We've noticed over time.
TCL A501DL: Stress. Stress
Dominique Pozo: And is there a theme that the stress is usually related
To
TCL A501DL: I'm
TCL A501DL: Just over the kids and between me and my mom.
Okay.
TCL A501DL: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Um, how about relationship triggers. So I imagine your mom might be, you know, one we could focus on what are, what are some of the themes that that come up and trigger you
TCL A501DL: Just space like like between, you know, having our own personal space and a difference in parenting.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: How about any any events or situations that you know are triggers for you.
TCL A501DL: My daughter that passed away her birthday and the day she died.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: What is when is that day so we can be sensitive to that.
Dominique Pozo: And
TCL A501DL: Her birthdays nine one.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And what day did she pat
TCL A501DL: January 17 okay
Dominique Pozo: So you're kind of in the middle of these times right now.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, and what healthy coping skills do you have or do you not have any and that's something we can work on although if you got this far. Imagine you at least have one healthy coping skill.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, like going through locks like you know
TCL A501DL: Yep. Taking time for myself really
TCL A501DL: Breathing.
TCL A501DL: Like to put my focus on something positive.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, and are there people that you can call
Dominique Pozo: If you're having a hard time. Do you have some some kind of go to people.
TCL A501DL: My mom and I don't want to
Dominique Pozo: Come here to boo. Yeah, yeah.
TCL A501DL: I have a couple of friends like one
TCL A501DL: Okay, my neighbor. Okay.
TCL A501DL: And she
Dominique Pozo: And she's not using right
Dominique Pozo: No, yeah, okay.
Dominique Pozo: And then, aside from the walk and your breath work. Is there any other self care that that you know it's really helpful for you and and it's effective.
TCL A501DL: That's basically what I do. I just like that, or I like to sit by myself. Like, you know, I'm just saying.
Uh huh.
Dominique Pozo: Yep.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right. Okay, great. Um, is there anything else that is important to you that you think I should know on, you know, and anything that we've covered so far. Any last
Dominique Pozo: You know, anything that you've remembered that that you think would be important for me to know about you at this point.
TCL A501DL: That's about it.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great.
Dominique Pozo: Great. So do you think that you can make weekly sessions or do you think every other week would be more supportive for you, individual sessions.
TCL A501DL: Every other week would probably be better. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So let's plan on that so
Dominique Pozo: Since I've seen you today. The next time I could see would be the week of the 11th and
Dominique Pozo: Can you remind me. Do you come on Tuesdays or Wednesdays to group.
TCL A501DL: Tuesday's
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so
TCL A501DL: Shall we plan on the 13th of
May.
TCL A501DL: OK.
Dominique Pozo: OK. And then let's see a good time. That would work for me, what's better for you that like
Dominique Pozo: early afternoon or evening.
Dominique Pozo: What what works better for you.
TCL A501DL: Great evening.
Dominique Pozo: Evening. Okay, so I could see you at six o'clock on
Wednesday the 13th.
TCL A501DL: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Does that, does that sound good.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Okay, great. I'm gonna put you in
TCL A501DL: All right, let me go, let me go write it down because I sucked at remembering
Dominique Pozo: That would be great because I i
Dominique Pozo: You know I'm flexible to a point like you know the last, the last session, I totally understood. You went to the virtual clinic, that's fine. But if someone completely forgets after a couple times, it doesn't work for me anymore. So, yeah.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
TCL A501DL: I just, I'm horrible with times and that's all I need to write it down for
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, that's great. Can you do you have somewhere, you can put it, because this is going to be far off, and I'll remind you that we can group. I'll remind you, hey, we have a session.
Dominique Pozo: Tomorrow, but just
Dominique Pozo: Where would be a good place that you could put it to remind yourself.
TCL A501DL: Oh, my mom has a calendar so
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great.
TCL A501DL: You said on the 13th.
Right.
Dominique Pozo: The
TCL A501DL: 13th at 6pm 6pm. Okay, cool.
Dominique Pozo: And that's a Wednesday.
TCL A501DL: May get to
Dominique Pozo: The Wednesday. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: OK. OK.
TCL A501DL: OK, I got it done.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, sounds great, Gabriella will have a great rest of your day and I'll see you on Tuesday.
TCL A501DL: All right, thank you so much.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. That's tomorrow, I'll see you tomorrow. Gosh.
Dominique Pozo: Days. It's kind of hard when the data, you know, this whole new reality we're in. It's hard to
TCL A501DL: Write everything seems so weird.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, totally. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: See you tomorrow.
TCL A501DL: Okay, thank you.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Bye bye.
Bye.